docs: update README.md (#6)
Azure-Samples/azd-aistudio-starter: README.md

---
<!-- YAML front-matter schema: https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/samples/process/onboarding?branch=main#supported-metadata-fields-for-readmemd -->

> [!NOTE]

> > This repository is a starter kit to use as a base to build templates for AI powered applications. It has all the necessary artifact to conform with [standards](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azd-template-artifacts) and pass the mandatory validation for [publication](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azd-template-artifacts/blob/main/publishing-guidelines.md) as part of our official collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This repository is a starter kit to use as a base to build templates for AI powered applications. It has all the necessary artifacts to conform with [standards](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azd-template-artifacts) we expect for a template application and pass the mandatory validation for [publication](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azd-template-artifacts/blob/main/publishing-guidelines.md) as part of our official collections.
```
